1. OVERVIEW
This Maven module will create a simple deployable bundle for Apache Servicemix.

There are five main Camel routes defined (see the source of
WeatherDataRouteBuilder.java for more details). Each route corresponds to a
different source of data on http://weather.areo. Each data source (URI provided) is
given an id:

AIRCRAFTREPORT
AIRSIGMET
METAR
STATION
TAF

These IDs are used as message queue topics.

The Camel route for each data source is called according to a defined schedule, and all
are called simultaneously when the schedule triggers route execution. Each URI is downloaded,
converted into a different Java object (corresponding to each data source), which is then
converted into JSON, which is dispatched to the message queue.

The object is not used, but is available if you wish to adapt the routes later on (the
appropriate place on each route to access to the object is marked with the annotation
"<- POJO available here".

2. CONFIGURATION
The configuration is currently set to the parameters you requested (1 hour schedule, obtaining
data from 1 hour back). Configuration is kept in the file src/main/resources/weatherdata.properties.

Anything that can be configued can be changed here:
- Which URLs to call
- The "hoursBeforeNow" parameter values
- The URI of the Active MQ instance
- How often data is fetched (the schedule)

The file has some comments to help explain each configuration setting.

Please note that any configuration changes will not take effect until the Module has been
re-built and re-deployed as per the next sections.

3. BUILDING
This section assumes that Maven and a version of the JDK are installed and working.

To build the weatherdata module as maven project go to the directory where the module has
been unzipped (the same one this document is in) in a shell or command promot and enter
the command:

mvn clean install

This will build the module and make it available to be imported into ServiceMix.

4. DEPLOYMENT

This section assumes ServiceMix is running, and the Weatherdata Module has been built.

The first time the module is deployed, the dependencies for the module need to be installed
as well. Open up the ServiceMix console and enter the following commands:

features:install camel-quartz2
features:install camel-http
features:install camel-jackson
features:install camel-jaxb

Once these have been added you can install the module into ServiceMix with the command:

install mvn:weatherdata/weatherdata/1.0

This will give you the Bundle ID within ServiceMix. To start the Module running use
the command:

start <Bundle ID>

And to stop the bundle working enter:

stop <Bundle ID>

5. LOGGING AND ERRORS
There is a simple logging statement that gets entered into the ServiceMix log (depending on
any log settings) that will indicate that the data is about to be fetched for all services.
There is no further logging if everything is successful.

If there is some sort of error or problem (for example the weather.areo site is down and
data is unavailable) then a full stack trace will be written to the ServiceMix logs to allow
for debugging. Errors are not handled explicitly as any error is likely to require some
investigation.

Let me know if more logging or error handling is required. 